>> Jem: Let's talk about
automated deployments.
So we're stepping away
from containers now.
We're talking about automating a standard
server, just like a server we brought up.
There are better ways to do it.
So instead of going through step one,
we did this, step two, we did this,
step three.
And it's kind of tedious.
If you're thinking there has
to be a better way, there is.
We did it by hand because if I did it for
you, you wouldn't learn anything.
But now that you know and you
understand the commands you're running,
you could run automation
tools that do it for you.
You wanna bring up 50 instances of
the MySQL Nodes server that you just did,
we can do that with Ansible or
Vagrant or Puppet.
They're all a little bit different,
but in general, think of it,
they have their own kinda languages they
use, different nuances, nomenclature.
But at the core,
it's just bringing up a server, and
it brings up 50 of them at once.
And it automates all these things.
So you want to create a user
that has your ssh key, so
you can ssh into anyone's instance.
You'd do it with automating
your deployments.
Cuz no DevOps person worth their
salt is gonna be doing this by hand.
That's a waste of time.
And being a computer programmer is about
optimizing what the computer can do.
So I can do less.
For now I'm gonna use Vagrant as example,
Vagrant is just one.
There's chef, there's Puppet, there's all
these other tools than can do it for you.
Yeah, this is where DevOps
people tend to get really heated
about their tool that they use.
They're very particular.
Which you tend to be as a DevOps person,
because you have your server just right
and you're like, Vagrant is better
than Chef because of this or this.
I couldn't tell you they'll
fine grain differences.
But find your DevOps person and ask them
a question, they'll probably tell you.
They're probably using something
like this, like Ansible or Vagrant.
But what does a Vagrant script look like?
It's looks something like this.
vagrant init,
I'm gonna bring up precise64,
which I think is a copy of Ubuntu,
one of the older versions.
And I just bring up a new script.
It's gonna instantiate that with
all the users, all of my ssh keys.
My ports are open, all of my
software is installed by default.
And it just does that for you.
That's what I mean by
automating deployments,
where we can just bring up 100 machines
at once, 200, and take them down.
That's what these tools are really
good at, that's what they're for.